(react/preact) - Fix suspense-ssr runs (#1138)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/cool-news-buy.md

---
'@urql/preact': patch
'urql': patch
---

> Clear suspense cache outside of effect for ssr-prepasses and disable caching for concurrent ssr-prepasses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix server-side rendering by disabling the new Suspense cache on the server-side and clear it for prepasses.
```

Just gonna make this start with that sweet sweet exclamation mark emoji by adding "Fix" 😅
